capital = 382

oob = "MWA_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 500
set_stability = 0.1
set_war_support = 0.1
set_country_flag = unifying_america
set_country_flag = can_core_USA
set_country_flag = can_core_NEA
set_country_flag = can_core_ILL
set_country_flag = can_core_GRL
set_country_flag = can_core_MOT
set_country_flag = can_core_LIN
set_country_flag = can_core_UTA
set_country_flag = can_core_ARI
set_country_flag = can_core_PCA
set_country_flag = can_core_TEX

add_ideas = {
	idea_america_neutrality
	limited_conscription
}

set_technology = {
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1 
	tech_support = 1 
	tech_field_hospital = 1 
	tech_engineers = 1 
	gw_artillery = 1 
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
    basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
#		set_air_oob = "ENG_1936_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			engines_2 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			iw_large_airframe = 1
			basic_medium_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
		}
	else = {
#		set_air_oob = "ENG_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		armor_tech_1 = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		
		
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = centrist
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
        fascist = 4
		nationalist = 13
		monarchist = 0
		national_bolshevik = 0
		national_conservative = 10
		centrist = 45
		liberal = 0
		new_democrat = 20
		moderate_socialist = 0
		revolutionary_socialist = 0
		communist = 8
}

recruit_character = MWA_rocky_suhayda
recruit_character = MWA_merlin_miller
recruit_character = MWA_imperial_council_of_the_great_plains
recruit_character = MWA_ben_covington
recruit_character = MWA_hillary_rodham
recruit_character = MWA_bill_hammons
recruit_character = MWA_bill_owens
recruit_character = MWA_lucia_guzman
recruit_character = MWA_jill_stein
recruit_character = MWA_dolores_huerta
recruit_character = MWA_general_baker
recruit_character = MWA_stanley_a._mcchrystal
recruit_character = MWA_dan_kelly_mcneill
recruit_character = MWA_john_m._paxton_jr
recruit_character = MWA_charles_h._jacoby_jr
recruit_character = MWA_daniel_william_christman
recruit_character = MWA_darrell_k._williams
recruit_character = MWA_david_d._halverson
recruit_character = MWA_james_cartwright
recruit_character = MWA_james_f._amos
recruit_character = MWA_james_h._dickinson
recruit_character = MWA_john_f._kelly
recruit_character = MWA_jason_wallace
recruit_character = MWA_lewis_a._craparotta
recruit_character = MWA_laura_j._richardson
recruit_character = MWA_martin_dempsey
recruit_character = MWA_richard_f._natonski
recruit_character = MWA_richard_stevens
recruit_character = MWA_keith_kellogg
recruit_character = MWA_paul_e._owen
recruit_character = MWA_scott_f._siegfried
recruit_character = MWA_willard_m._burleson_iii
recruit_character = MWA_samuel_j._locklear_iii
recruit_character = MWA_william_f._moran
recruit_character = MWA_robert_j._natter
recruit_character = MWA_bill_clinton
recruit_character = MWA_david_koch
recruit_character = MWA_mark_udall
recruit_character = MWA_pat_buchanan
recruit_character = MWA_wesley_clark
recruit_character = MWA_warren_buffett
recruit_character = MWA_paul_gosar
recruit_character = MWA_tom_tancredo
recruit_character = MWA_michael_bennet
recruit_character = MWA_jared_polis
recruit_character = MWA_marco_rubio
recruit_character = MWA_chris_christie
recruit_character = MWA_sam_brownback
recruit_character = MWA_chuck_hagel
recruit_character = MWA_john_hickenlooper
recruit_character = MWA_eric_bodenstab

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cold War Light Tank"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cold War Heavy Tank" 
		type = heavy_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_medium_howitzer
			turret_type_slot = tank_heavy_fixed_superstructure_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = secondary_turret_small_cannon
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 6
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 4
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cold War Medium Tank" 
		type = medium_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
			turret_type_slot = tank_medium_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 4
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 5
		}
	}
}
#ships
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nimitz Class"  # carriers also covers the enterprise Class
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
		name_group = MWA_CV_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_4
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
		}
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ticonderoga Class" 	# Heavy Cruisers 
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = MWA_CA_HISTORICAL 
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_4
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2	
		}
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Virginia Class"			# Virginia and California Classes
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
	name_group = MWA_CA_HISTORICAL 
	parent_version = 0
		modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_3
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_4
		}
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Spurance Class"	#destroyers also covers the kidd Class 
	type = ship_hull_light_2
	name_group = MWA_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_4			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_4	
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Los Angeles Class" # submarines
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = MWA_SS_HISTORICAL 
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	create_equipment_variant = { 
		name = "Nimitz Class" #carriers
		type = carrier_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_deckspace_upgrade = 3
			carrier_armor_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ticonderoga Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 0
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_armor_upgrade = 2
			ship_gun_upgrade = 4
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Virginia Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 2
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Spurance Class" #destroyers
		type = destroyer_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 4
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Los Angeles Class" #submarines
		type = submarine_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Carrier Fighter I" 
		type = cv_small_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Carrier Naval Bomber I" 
		type = cv_small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fighter I"
		type = small_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CAS I" 
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Naval Bomber I" 
		type = small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tactical Bomber I" 
		type = medium_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = medium_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
	}
}